explain what I'm doing as I do it a few
little grooves that I like to use if
you're doing something that's that's
sort of like a like a swung sixteenth
well
what if we took that and put it on a
hi-hat and just gave this the one I
don't care what kind of music you play
whether it's folk music soul music R&B
gospel country rock pop whatever
seriously the one is where it's at if as
long as you give it the one everything
else will take care of itself man just
keep that pulse going like this
it's good to practice both good to
practice both and be ambidextrous about
ghost notes okay we're gonna talk about
ghost notes for a second
basically the ghost note is just this
tiny little tap when I play back beats I
tend to use the shoulder of the stick
like this as a rimshot get the head and
get the rim at the same time I know a
lot of cats like just on the head and
sometimes that's appropriate especially
on ballads I like to do that it's a nice
fat wet sound but when you're doing this
it gives you that crack with that metal
it's all about wrist control it's not
I'm not doing anything from it's not
like this big full arm stroke it's a
real relaxed it's coming from here and
from the wrists I mean it's real relaxed
and I usually put them on to in between
beats if there's a sixteenth note
pattern they'll be like on the ease and
the
okay now the ghost nuns are coming in
filling in all those sixteen